Automate running of individual matches (#256)
srobo/competition-simulator: README.md

   Then close webots.

3. Run the match:

    ```bash
    competition-simulator/script/run-comp-match <directory containing team code> <match number> <Zone 0 TLA> <Zone 1 TLA> <Zone 2 TLA> <Zone 3 TLA>
    ```

>     Using a dash instead of a TLA if a robot is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: Use a dash instead of a TLA if a robot is not present.
```

Author: As this part isn't new in this PR I'm going to leave this. I agree that that would be a better sentence though, so feel free to push it on `master` (ideally after this PR merges to avoid conflicts).
